I love it. Thank you.
Everyone, please meet my wife, Lisa Sterling.
From now on, you will be paying her with respect.
My dear, I've been so busy, and you've been going through so much.
So, you're Brian's wife, huh?
Tep said a secret for quite some time.
Jesse, all of these rumors slender, even sprained,
not being here this time.
That can't be easily dismissed.
You're a woman, too. As a woman, you should know how hurtful
these rumors and gossip can be.
So, if we know on, watch your mouth.
Because for all of you, too, we don't work at this law firm,
we should be mindful of what we're saying.
We're the face of this firm.
What are you doing here?
I've been looking all over for you.